From a memory management viewpoint,
this section is pretty important.
In the examples you saw here,
we asked ourselves how we wanted to transfer our data during copying operations.
If the default shallow copy is not enough,
we have seen that overloading the copy constructor as well as
the copy assignment operator enables us to tailor our own copying policy.
This can be as restrictive as not performing a copy at all,
can be granting exclusive ownership or allowing for shared ownership
or creating a deep copy which duplicates even the resources on the heap.
The last non-smart pointers later on you will find that these policies are
being used by constructs such as the unique pointer all the SharePoint.
One last thing we have been looking at in this section is the rule of three.
Which basically says that if you change either the destructor or
the copy constructor or the assignment operator,
you better change them all to guarantee a consistent memory management copying policy.
You don't have to do this if you only use the destructive to that say print a message to
the console though but when you use it to de-allocate memory resources,
the other two are needed as well.
The rule of three is pretty old and C++ so to speak,
an old and old means here prior to C++ 11.
With the introduction of move semantics there is now the rule
of five but before we can look at this new concept,
let us revisit L values and R values in the next section. See you there.